https://www.windowscentral.com/how-install-linux-distros-windows-10

1st - install ubuntu using windows store

Skip to main content

Ad Logo
This Revolutionary Home And Renters Insurance Starts At Just $5 - Get Insured In 90 Seconds.
Sign Up
Ad by StackMedia  Hide Ad


Watch UFC 245 Exclusively on ESPN+
Catch Every Moment of UFC 245
Experience UFC PPV events like never before with ESPN+ and save over 25%!

Expand

 
Search...
Surface Pro X Surface Pro 7 Surface Laptop 3 Xbox One X Best VPN Services Best Antivirus Laptop Deals



We may earn a commission for purchases using our links. Learn more.

THE RIGHT WAY
How to install Linux distros properly on Windows 10
Are you getting errors installing Linux distros on Windows 10? In this guide, we'll tell you exactly what you need to do to fix this issue.
MAURO HUCULAK
31 Jul 2017
 13

Starting with the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update, Microsoft is making some Linux distros, including Ubuntu, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server
ADVERTISEMENT

 12, and OpenSUSE Leap 42 available in the Windows Store. Additionally, it's no longer a prerequisite to enable Developer mode, which makes the installation of Linux distros a lot easier.

However, a number of users a seeing an error code 0x8007007e as they try to install any of the distros, but it's not a bug in the software. Instead, users are seeing this error because the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), the compatibility layer to run Linux binary executables on Windows 10 is missing.

In this Windows 10 guide, we'll walk you through the steps to successfully install Ubuntu, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12, and openSUSE Leap 42 on your device.

Bundle Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+ for just $13/month

How to install Windows Subsystem for Linux
Before you can install any version of Linux on Windows 10, you must install WSL using Control Panel.

Open Settings.
Click on Apps.
Click on Apps & features.
Under "Related settings," on the right side, click the Programs and Features link.


Click the Turn Windows features on or off link.


On "Windows Features," check the Windows Subsystem for Linux (Beta) option.

in Ubuntu terminal: jupyter notebook --no-browser
location is below:
C:\Users\Anyone\AppData\Local\Packages\CanonicalGroupLimited.UbuntuonWindows_79rhkp1fndgsc\LocalState\rootfs\home\newuser

OLD BELOW



Click OK.
Click Restart now.
After completing the steps, you can open the Windows Store to get the Linux distro you want to use.

START HERE

Installing Windows Subsystem for Linux using PowerShell
If you prefer using the command line method, it's also possible to install the Windows Subsystem for Linux using PowerShell.

Open Start.
Search for PowerShell, right-click the result, and click Run as administrator.
Type the following command to add the required module and press Enter:
Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -Online -FeatureName Microsoft-Windows-Subsystem-Linux
Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -Online -FeatureName Microsoft-Windows-Subsystem-Linux

Type Y to complete the installation and restart your computer.


How to install Linux distros on Windows 10
After adding the Windows System for Linux module to your computer, there are two ways to install Ubuntu or SUSE Linux distros on Windows 10: you can use Command Prompt or the Windows Store.

Installing Linux distros using Command Prompt
Open Start.
Search for Command Prompt, right-click the result, and click Run as administrator.
Type one of the following commands to install Ubuntu, SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12, or openSUSE Leap 42 and press Enter:

ubuntu
sles-12
opensuse-42
As you execute the command, the required files will download and install automatically on your device. Then simply follow the on-screen directions to complete the setup.

Installing Linux distros using Windows Store
Perhaps an easier way to install Linux distros on Windows 10 is to use the Windows Store using the following links:

Ubuntu
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 12
openSUSE Leap 42
Once the installation completes, launch the app, and complete the on-screen directions.

Remember that you're not limited to install just one version of Linux. If you want, you can also install all three, including Fedora Linux when it becomes available in the Store, and run them all simultaneously.

You can install Linux distros using the Store starting with the release of the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update. However, if you have a device enrolled in the Windows Insider Program running the latest test build for PC, you can try any of them immediately. Also, note that devices running the Windows 10 Creators Update only supports Ubuntu, which can be installed using these steps.

More Windows 10 resources
For more helpful articles, coverage, and answers to common questions about Windows 10, visit the following resources:

Windows 10 on Windows Central – All you need to know
Windows 10 help, tips, and tricks
Windows 10 forums on Windows Central
We may earn a commission for purchases using our links. Learn more.

Xbox Series X: Everything you need to know 
IT EATS MONSTERS FOR BREAKFAST
Xbox Series X: Everything you need to know
Here's everything you need to know about the next-generation Xbox console from Microsoft: Xbox Series X.

My super mega lazy Xbox Game Streaming / Project XCloud set-up is amazing
NEW LEVELS OF LAZINESS
My super mega lazy Xbox Game Streaming / Project XCloud set-up is amazing
Project XCloud is letting us take our Xbox gaming away from the TV. Here's the set up I'm currently using for maximum laziness.

Should you still consider picking up Total War: Warhammer II in 2019?
DEEP FANTASY STRATEGY
Should you still consider picking up Total War: Warhammer II in 2019?
Released in 2017, Total War: Warhammer II has seen a ton of extra content released, including the latest The Shadow & The Blade DLC. Is it worth trying out for a total newcomer to the series?

These awesome Minecraft deals are perfect for the gamers in your life
OMG A SALE
These awesome Minecraft deals are perfect for the gamers in your life
We've scoured the internet to find the best deals for all the Minecraft lovers in your life...even if that's just you. From consoles to toys, we have the deals.

View Comments (13)
Help & How To
PureVPN's extended Cyber Monday sale nets you a subscription for $1 a month
LAST CHANCE
PureVPN's extended Cyber Monday sale nets you a subscription for $1 a month



by TaboolaSponsored LinksYou May Like
Mom Buys Ornament At Thrift Store, Looks Closer And Drops To Her Knees
Top 5
Play just 1 minute to find out why everyone loves this farm game!
Taonga: the tropical farm
You Should Never Shop on Amazon Without Using This Trick – Here’s Why
Honey
Where Sausalito photographers find new customers
Thumbtack
Two Boxes Of The Favorite Royal Riviera Pears
$59.99 - harryanddavid.com
PreSonus Studio 1810c USB-C 18x8 Audio/MIDI Interface
$369.95 - musiciansfriend.com
LEGO Star Wars Slave l – 20th Anniversary Edition 75243…
$119.95 - Amazon.com
$1,000 Cash Back on 2020 Camry
Toyota

We may earn a commission for purchases using our links. Learn more.

FROM SACRIFICE TO SAGA
Senua's Saga: Hellblade II — Everything we know so far, trailers, release date and news
Pict and Norse warriors, giants and darkness.
SAMUEL TOLBERT
14 Dec 2019
 0
Senua's Saga: Hellblade II
Source: Xbox Game Studios
At the Game Awards 2019, Phil Spencer surprised the world by announcing the next Xbox console and a new Ninja Theory game, Senua's Saga: Hellblade II. This is our first look at a true next-generation title. Technically, Halo Infinite gave us footage of a game running on next-generation Xbox hardware (or on a PC with ballpark specs) but Senua's Sacrifice: Hellblade II is the first Xbox Game Studios title explicitly being designed from the ground-up for the Xbox Series X.

Senua's Saga: Hellblade II story
Senua's Saga: Hellblade II gameplay and features
Will Senua's Saga: Hellblade II be on Xbox One?
When is the release date for Senua's Saga: Hellblade II?
Senua's Saga: Hellblade II story
In the first game, Senua went on a journey into Hel and confronted all sorts of mythical beasts and deities, including the fire giant Surt and the God of Illusion, Valravn. She also made peace with the "darkness" inside her, the voices Ninja Theory has explictly confirmed were designed around modern-day descriptions of psychosis. While we don't know much about the story of the sequel so far, it appears to be taking an even darker tone, delving into ideas of Pict and Nord rituals and sacrifice.


Bundle Disney+, Hulu, and ESPN+ for just $13/month

Whatever the story ends up dealing with, Ninja Theory is consulting mental health professionals as part of The Insight Project, developing games around understanding mental illness. You can check out the reveal trailer from the Game Awards below.


Senua's Saga: Hellblade II gameplay and features
Hellblade: Senua's Sacrifice was a third-person game with combat and puzzles. We have every reason to expect that the sequel will be very similar however, it likely has a far larger budget, which could mean more complicated combat, bigger setpieces and a larger game. Here's what we know right now.

This is a different team at Ninja Theory than the one under Rahni Tucker developing Bleeding Edge.
Melina Juergens is reprising her role as Senua, providing some truly incredible performance capture.
Footage for the trailer was captured in-engine.
The game is likely running on Unreal Engine 4.
Ninja Theory is working with the band Heilung for the soundtrack.
Heilung's music can be heard in the reveal trailer for the game, the song is called In Maidjan.

Melina Juergens
@JuergensMelina
Phewww..News is finally out: Hellblade 2 Senua’s Saga is officially in the making! ⚔️ Thanks to “Heilung” for allowing me to perform your song 💓 And thanks to our amazing Team at @NinjaTheory and everyone else who was involved in making this Trailer happen 🙏 #Hellblade2

2,104
4:16 PM - Dec 13, 2019
Twitter Ads info and privacy
431 people are talking about this

NinjaTheory
✔
@NinjaTheory
We are proud to announce that we will be collaborating with the incredibly talented #Heilung on the Senua’s Saga: #Hellblade II Soundtrack!

View image on Twitter
3,071
7:09 PM - Dec 12, 2019
Twitter Ads info and privacy
598 people are talking about this
Will Senua's Saga: Hellblade II be on Xbox One?
When Phil Spencer presented the Xbox Series X at the Game Awards 2019, right before the trailer Senua's Saga: Hellblade II, he noted that the game being shown was early in development for the Xbox Series X, although we're unsure if that means it won't be coming to the original console. We've reached out to Microsoft for a comment.

The official press release and all the marketing materials only mention the Xbox Series X. It will certainly come to PC though, as all Xbox Game Studios titles arrive on PC as well.

When is the release date for Senua's Saga: Hellblade II?
There's no release date right now, or even a release window. At the Game Awards 2019, Phil Spencer noted that the title was early in development, so you shouldn't expect it as a launch title for Xbox Series X, or even shortly after launch. We'll be sure to provide updates on any official release date as soon as that information is available.

Best of the best
Xbox Game Pass Ultimate
Xbox Game Pass and Xbox Live Gold in one

Xbox Game Pass gives you access to over a hundred games for one monthly fee. Xbox Game Pass Ultimate also adds Xbox Live Gold to the package so you can play online with your friends.

$45 at Amazon
$45 at Best Buy
Xbox Series X

Xbox Series X: Everything we know
List of Xbox Series X specs
What is the Xbox Series X release date?
How much does Xbox Series X cost?
Why you can't preorder Xbox Series X yet
We may earn a commission for purchases using our links. Learn more.

View Comments (0)
Games Hellblade
PureVPN's extended Cyber Monday sale nets you a subscription for $1 a month
LAST CHANCE
PureVPN's extended Cyber Monday sale nets you a subscription for $1 a month





 Log in or Sign up
BRIGHTNESS
Dark Mode
Tip us on news!
Mobile Nations
500M Consumers Reached Yearly
Copyright 2019 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Your Ad Choices Careers Licensing External Links Disclosure Accessibility Statement
